Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Michael amended his will two months ago.
I'm sure you understand
this sets off alarm bells.
$500,000 was left in the
name of Chelsea Rayne.
Are you Chelsea Rayne?
Can I ask you something?
- Will you tell me the truth?
- Sure.
What's your real name?
It's Annabel.
I'm really happy we
finally get to meet you.
Jack's been talking about you for weeks.
- Hello?
- I miss you already.
How did you get this number?
What's the problem?
Uh, someone sent you this.
I do not want you in my life, Jack.
Never call me again!
Learn this guy's face.
He's the devil.
My client is suing the
shit out of his client.
It's not going to trial.
I got it.
I will make sure it is
not going to trial.
Tell me what my choices are.
I wanna hear you say it.
I'm gonna go.
I'm leaving your money on the table.
Christine?
Who the fuck are you?
Tomorrow you're gonna
call Peter Gramercy.
And you're gonna tell him
that you're disclaiming
any and all interests in
Michaels Cilic's estate.
If you don't make this call,
everyone will find out what
you really do for a living.
My clients would literally
kill for your hair.
I hope they wouldn't
literally kill anyone.
- Sorry, I just...
- Okay.
Yes?
Peter Gramercy's office just
sent over a disclaimer request.
I could probably get you the money...
Okay, so do that.
But they say they have enough
to prove prostitution.
- Excuse me, I just...
- Oh.
I insisted on a gag clause.
The money will be held
in escrow for a year.
If they breach it, try to out you,
it'll render this
agreement null and void
and they'll have to pay you the money.
Fine. But what is their case against me?
"Hi, we hired some asshole
to solicit sex from a
top-notch law student
with no record, who turned him down.
Can you arrest her?"
I mean, yes, they can. It doesn't
matter what the truth is.
They have money. They're angry.
- They will smear you, dear.
- Please don't call me "dear".
I'd sign it.
Fuck you, Martin!
Hey, don't get mad at the messenger.
He left the money for me!
You know what we gotta do?
Find you a boyfriend.
You're not funny.
I'm just juggling a lot right now.
So is every other student.
But I'm particularly concerned
about your recent attendance,
or lack thereof.
I'm allowed three absences.
I don't understand why
there's cause for alarm.
You're up to three already.
It's not like you, that's all. I'm
just making sure you're okay.
I'm fine.
Well, I'm glad to hear you're fine,
but if you miss one more class,
you'll have to take the course over.
I got it under control,
I know what I'm doing.
Okay.
Well, as long as you're aware.
Now, soon after,
frustrated with the process,
he drafts a new summary, which then...
Well, what does he do next, Christine?
He needs someone to sign.
Someone?
Uh, a-a qualified...
Well, there's a name for it...
Justin.
POSITA.
And what does that mean, Christine?
Person of Ordinary Skill in the Art.
Correct. So, our client uses a POSITA,
who, in this case, happens
to also be his buddy...
Christine!
Just wanna talk.
Look-look, I miss... I miss you.
This is weird for me, too.
But you've given me
no other option here.
This is not an option.
Yeah, well, you-you're not
returning my phone calls,
my-my emails,
my-my text messages...
I- I feel like you've...
you've painted me into a corner here,
you pushed me into a corner, and
that's-that's why I came here.
I'm sorry, I don't know you.
Christine, look...
Don't go, don't...!
Look, I just... I want to talk, okay?
Turn the car off, I want to talk.
I just want to talk!
I want to talk!
You fucking piece of shit!
You fucking dick!
Back me into a fucking corner!
You wanna play victim, you fucking dick?
I will fuck you up!
Hi, you've reached Ana.
Can't get to the phone,
so leave me a message.
Thanks.
Hey, Ana, it's Annabel!
Finally calling about lunch.
Um, I just wanted to know if
you're available tomorrow?
Call me back on my cell phone, um...
or text me, either way.
Alright, thanks.
I feel weird talking to you about Jack
because, obviously, you and I
don't know each other very well.
But I would not do this...
if I didn't have to.
I'm sure this is uncomfortable for you,
because, obviously, you're very
close to Jack and I'm his...
ex-girlfriend...
Essentially.
Sure, okay.
But I...
I just... I...
I just want you to check on
him and see if he's okay.
I would call him, but I-I honestly
don't feel comfortable calling him.
To be completely honest, I
feel scared to call him.
I... I don't think he
would do anything to you.
I wish I could agree with you.
I still don't understand what
he did that was so alarming.
You need to do what you
need to do, but...
I don't want to put you
in the middle of this.
I feel terrible.
I just...
I just would like you to talk to him
because his behavior needs to stop.
He's threatening me.
And disrupting my life.
And I don't want to have
to get legal about it.
Because that would break my heart.
Hi there.
Umm... That'll be $55.26.
- Was this in yesterday?
- Yeah, yesterday.
How much it is? $55...?
Uh, $55.20...
Here's $60, keep the change.
Oh, thank you.
Hey!
Who's your friend back there?
Lick him.
You're sick.
You have excellent cheekbones.
Thanks.
Hi.
What's your name?
Okay.
What are you doing?
Don't talk.
Shit!
Christine?
- I was just leaving.
- Yeah, I can see that.
You look nice.
Yeah, I was just meeting
some of my friends here,
having a drink.
Right.
What are you actually doing here?
I could ask you the same question.
What?
Are you following me?
I was having lunch with my friends.
Stop.
I don't have time for this shit.
I saw who you were sitting with.
You need to think twice
before entertaining childish
conspiracy theories.
- Is that a threat?
- I'm just saying...
it would be in your best interest
not to mention
a coincidental meeting
between two friends.
Clear?
Hope you had a nice brunch.
I'm at the third table from
the entrance on the right,
I'm wearing a pin stripe
suit and admittedly,
- I'm in the loss of hair department...
- I'm so sorry, Simon,
but I'm gonna have to cancel our date.
- This is very unprofessional.
- I know, I'm so sorry.
Something actually came up last minute.
It's not going to trial. I got it.
I will make sure it is
not going to trial.
Our deal still stands.
Checks go to QUORTA.
It's not going to trial. I got it.
I will make sure it is
not going to trial.
Our deal still stands.
Checks go to QUORTA.
It's not going to trial. I got it.
I will make sure it is
not going to trial.
- Hey.
- Oh hey.
Umm...
So I just- I got a call from I.T.
They noticed that my
password was being used
on multiple computers
at the same time, so...
Okay.
Well, I need more time.
I'm just trying to find the
files that you can't find.
- Yeah, I...
- Kayla, I'm trying to help you.
Well don't, okay? 'Cause I
don't want to lose my job.
So... Don't use my password.
Fine.
Okay.
Skip wants to see you. He's not happy.
- You wanted to see me?
- Ahhh...
Why did you change my language
in the Eisner application?
You told me to err on
the side of caution.
Our client's Claim 15
seemed dangerously close
to CME's already existing patent.
"Seemed"?
I asked you to run a simple clearance
search, verifying facts...
Not opinions. Our client isn't
paying us for your opinion.
It was a suggestion. I
noted that in the margins.
Next time, keep them to yourself.
Christine Reade...
- Do you have time?
- Okay.
You can go in.
Look, I know we're not friends.
Of course, we're friends.
Great, we're friends.
There's something I need
to talk to you about.
About David?
Is this personal?
Yes...
No, no.
Um, I have-I haven't talked
to anyone about this
because it could open Kirkland
up to a malpractice suit.
Um, you're heading XHP now,
so I thought I'd tell you.
David's intentionally
throwing the XHP case.
That's a very serious accusation.
It's not an accusation.
What's this?
Play it.
It's not going to trial. I got it.
I will make sure it is
not going to trial.
Our deal still stands.
Checks go to QUORTA.
I have more.
Like what?
You should talk to the opposing counsel.
To Ben Holgrem.
Come in.
Have a seat.
She knows about QUORTA.
- Hi, Mom.
- Christine, hi!
Is this a good time?
Uh, not really. What is it?
A man just called the
house, asking for you.
He wouldn't leave his name or number.
He said it was urgent.
Did he say what it's about?
No, but he asked if I was your mother.
Well, what did you say?
Well... I didn't tell him anything.
I don't know who this person is.
- And he didn't he say who he was? - No.
Did you ask?
Of course. I'm not stupid, Christine!
I'm sure it was fine.
I don't think there's
anything to worry about it.
It's probably just like a
sales call or something.
Okay.
Thought you'd want to know.
I don't think there's
anything to worry about it.
I'm gonna call you back.
Okay.
What are we going to do about her?
I don't think she has much.
If she did, she would've gone
straight to the police already.
Not if she wants leverage.
Leverage for what?
I don't think she's that smart.
Look, I don't have a dick.
And Ben's not dumb enough to dip his
into some crazy, bitch intern.
I'm not going to prison.
He's not going to prison.
By all means, if you'd like to, David...
Maybe it'll all just blow over.
Shut up, Ben.
Christine...
Come by my office,
we'll finish our talk.
Okay.
I really don't think we
should shy away from Heron.
They're offering 30% equity.
The profit margins could be huge.
And what if they're not profitable?
How soon can we terminate
their contract?
Six months after the
application's approved.
Six months?
Think about it.
Skip Hadderly's office
this is Christine Reade.
What did you tell Ana, you fucking cunt?
Susan, will you set
up lunch this week...
- with uh, in-house at Heron?
- Mm-hmm.
- Include Tariq Barr.
- Okay.
- Anything else?
- No, that's it, thank you.
Take it in all the way.
You like getting paid
for sex, don't you?
It turns you on, getting paid.
- Say it.
- It turns me on!
Take it in all the way.
You like getting paid
for sex, don't you?
It turns you on, getting paid.
Say it.
It turns me on!
- sync and corrections by Caio -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org